Add remote (#1)
npentrel/module-templates: sensor/Instructions.md

Reviewer: Line 29 points readers to a file that doesn't exist.

Next, run `make bin/customsensor` to build the executable.

#### 5. Test your module locally

While testing, we recommend that you add the resources you've built with a remote to your machine because it allows you to recompile your code without having to restart your entire machine:

> 1. Edit the [`cmd/module/cmd.go` file](./cmd/module/cmd.go). The code there should configure and run a robot with your modular resource configured.

Reviewer: I don't understand this instruction. The cmd/module is supposed to be a module. It's not clear at all what it means for the "code to configure and run a robot" (which is normally something humans do via App.)

Author: it's supposed to reference the cmd/remote/cmd.go file. Sorry. Yeah - I suppose I need to speak to Eliot why he prefers testing this way.

> 2. If you haven't already got a machine, create a new machine on [the Viam app](app.viam.com) and follow the setup instructions on the setup tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you don't already have a machine, create a new machine on [the Viam app](app.viam.com) and follow the setup instructions.
```
Setup is no longer a "tab" with R2D2

Reviewer: Secondly, why are you having them create a machine if they're making a remote just for testing. If they're going to actually run viam-server (per the setup instructions) then they can just configure their module, and not mess with a remote at all. The reason a "remote" makes testing easier is you can directly use the local control (web) page without having to configure a real robot or mess with App at all.

Author: When I tried this the local control page at localhost:8083 did not show the sensor. It only shows operations and sessions
![Screenshot 2024-03-22 at 17 49 21](https://github.com/npentrel/module-templates/assets/5212232/3d6e85e6-d059-485d-8a67-da47de0e33bc)

Should it show the sensor there?

> 3. Run `make remote` to compile the [`cmd/module/cmd.go` file](./cmd/module/cmd.go).

Reviewer: `make remote` doesn't compile the module... `make bin/customsensor` does.

Author: this should all say `cmd/remote/cmd.go`

> 4. Run `./bin/remoteserver my_sensor_name` and specify any additional commandline arguments that your code passes  to the modular resource attributes. This will instantiate a simplified instance of `viam-server` with your modular resource.

Reviewer: There are no instructions/TODOs in cmd/remote to explain how CLI arguments are used or consumed.

5. On the machine on the Viam app, go to your **Config** tab and to the **Remotes** subtab. Name your remote `remotesensor` and click **Create remote**, then add `localhost:8083` to the **Address** field.
6. Click **Save config**

> 7. Navigate to your **Control** tab on the Viam app. If everything is connected and working, you will see your modular resource and be able to test it.

Reviewer: [nit] It's not a "modular" resource if it's a remote.

Author: that's interesting. I think of a modular resource as anything that isn't a builtin resource. How would you refer to the configured component on the remote now?
